[Music]
what is going on everyone and welcome to
one new FIFA 14 team review when I was
thinking about which team to review next
I realized I have done almost all the
Titans in FIFA 14 and then I thought
wait I haven't done a review for
Atletico Madrid they are in pole
position for winning the Spanish league
and they keep good chances of qualifying
for the UEFA Champions League final and
trust me even if they are not as strong
as real or Bayern in FIFA they are still
a formidable team to use as a goalkeeper
we have good wah he's the best young
goalkeeper in the game he stole he has
great stats and if he continues like
this he will soon take the place of noir
as the best goalkeeper in FIFA the
central defenders me Rhonda and golden
aren't the best defensive duo but they
are decent enough and they can get the
job done one of the things that I loved
about at Whitaker is that they have very
good full backs Philippa Luiz and one
front are both fast strong for that
position in the game tall enough balls
are 5 foot 11 and their work rates are
not bad for a fullback medium high the
two formations that I picked are the
classic 4 1 2 1 2 and the 4 3 3 holding
in the floor one two one two I am using
Suarez as a CDM he is slow but he is big
and strong and these two qualities make
him perfect for that position in the
game as right-and-left meets our doctor
on end of it vilya are very similar
players not the fastest but great with
the ball excellent ball control and the
4 stars skill moves are just a pleasure
to use in the final third of the field
Diego is perfect as a central attacking
midfielder as long as you don't want him
to make long runs because he has low
tamanna he will be great at facilitating
for the two strikers so you have to use
him only to distribute the passes and
from time to time to take a long shot
because trust me he is great at doing
that in attack the man that is good at
everything except skill moves because he
has only three stars there Diego Costa
he is the definition of a target man he
strummed
great at finishing and excellent at
headers and this is exactly why I had to
use also up formation with one striker
besides the classic 4-1-2-1-2
what changes in the for free free is
only one player Diego goes out and
Christian Rodriguez goes in he has
superior speed stamina and he can
deliver some really nice crosses for
Diego Costa so far as this was the team
review of Atletico Madrid
only one day left until the semi-final
clash between them and Chelsea who do
you think will go through drop or
comment below with your prediction it
would be so cool if we could hit 150
likes for this video thank you for
watching don't forget subscribe
my name is avec see you later